.TH GL "1" "September 2015" "gl 1.3" ""

.SH NAME
gl \- group listing and group member listing
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgl\fR
[\fB-hV\fR]
[\fB-nNpsv0\fR]
[\fIGROUP\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgl\fR is a command line tool which lists all members of the speficied user group.
If no \fIGROUP\fR (name or numerical id) is given, \fBgl\fR lists all groups.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-names
Print the names of groups/group members only.
.br
This is the default.
.TP
.B \-N, \-\-ids
Print the numerical IDs of groups/group members only.
.br
Usually, \fBgl\fR prints only their names.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-primary
When listing group members, list primary members only.
.br
Usually, \fBgl\fR lists primary and secondary members.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-secondary
When listing group members, list secondary members only.
.br
Usually, \fBgl\fR lists primary and secondary members.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Verbose mode:
When listing group members, separate the primary and secondary member list.
Also show names and numerical IDs.
.TP
.B \-0, \-\-print0
Output lines will be separated with NUL instead on linebreaks.
Suitable for \fBxargs\fR' \fB--null\fR input option.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
\fBgl\fR will print a short help summary and exit.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
\fBgl\fR will print its program version and exit.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
$ \fBgl -v staff\fR
Lists all members of the \fBstaff\fR group.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBgetgrent\fR(3),
\fBgetgrnam\fR(3)
.SH LICENSE
GNU GPL v3
(http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html)
.SH AUTHOR
Maximilian Eul
<maximilian@eul.cc>
(https://github.com/mle86)
